README.md, before:

# Fx::Adapters::Mysql

MySQL adapter for [fx](https://github.com/teoljungberg/fx).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'fx-adapters-mysql'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install fx-adapters-mysql

## Usage

```rb
#  config/initializers/fx.rb

Fx.configure do |config|
 config.adapter = Fx::Adapters::MySQL.new
end
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/f-mer/fx-adapters-mysql.

Commit message:

chore: Set recommended configuration parameters for spec/dummy/ app

README.md, after:

# Fx::Adapters::Mysql

MySQL adapter for [fx](https://github.com/teoljungberg/fx).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'fx-adapters-mysql'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install fx-adapters-mysql

## Usage

```rb
#  config/initializers/fx.rb

Fx.configure do |config|
 config.database = Fx::Adapters::MySQL.new
end
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/rake` to call the default task that creates test db, run specs and `standard:fix` linter task. For custom database connection configuration use `DATABASE_URL` environment variable `export DATABASE_URL="$(ruby -e 'require "cgi"; puts "mysql2://db_username:#{CGI.escape("password,with special characters.")}@hostname/dummy_test"')"` and run commands (`bin/rspec`, `bin/setup`, etc).  You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/f-mer/fx-adapters-mysql.
